minutes = [
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "27",
      month: "Jun",
      year: "2020",
    },
    minutes: {
      main: ["Design contact form for SCS students to contact the committee"],
      operational: [
        "Floating scribe position for dean’s meeting",
        "Constitution review and update",
        "Meet with CPDC organizers in this week",
        "First year slack (could be school or department level)",
      ],
      "Tasks for next meeting": [
        "Improving communication flow with the university",
        "Tackle Loneliness: Can be attacked from a class level (enforced groups) ",
      ],
    },
  },
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "23",
      month: "Jun",
      year: "2020",
    },
    type: "dean",
    minutes: {
      main: [],
      "Black Lives Matter | Daniel": [
        {
          "Don’t have any black members on this committee so talked to 2 different groups of black students": [
            "Spirit: Nichole will be in contact with Colorstack",
            "There’s a feeling of loneliness and not being well understood among people of color in SCS",
            {
              "There exists this underlying tension": [
                "These could be solved in part by working with and supporting Colorstack’s efforts on campus",
              ],
            },
            "Trying to formalize relationship with Colorstack",
          ],
        },
        "Implement racial bias training among TAs, some students of color have said they felt they were being treated differently compared to their White or Asian counterparts",
        {
          "How to get more Black and Latinx students admitted": [
            "Making waiving admissions/application(?) fees more obvious and accessible, be more transparent in waiving these admissions fees",
          ],
        },
        "Shawn Blanton and conferences",
        "Potentially raise admissions quota of people of color to a certain percentage to increase diversity",
        {
          "Waiving admissions fees is being discussed at the moment, already waiving them for some students, have in place a much more systematic approach with the aim of precisely waiving the fees for the students described": [
            "Something like a coupon system, if encounter someone who wants to apply, give them a coupon to waive their fee",
          ],
        },
        {
          "Waiving admissions fees is being discussed at the moment, already waiving them for some students, have in place a much more systematic approach with the aim of precisely waiving the fees for the students described": [
            "Something like a coupon system, if encounter someone who wants to apply, give them a coupon to waive their fee",
          ],
        },
        "Spirit has set up a town hall university-wide event for June 30th, invited all leadership of universities, many are attending",
        "https://www.cmu.edu/ira/university-information/index.html",
        {
          "We all need some form of racial bias training, university is looking at some programming university-wide instead of distinguishing training between TAs, profs, etc.": [
            "Get past the notion that only certain types of positions need training, instead give this training to everyone",
          ],
        },
        {
          "The more information that’s easily accessible to students, the better":
            "Could have an SCS page that extensively lists the statistics of SCS, everything we can legally put out there",
        },
        {
          "One of the changes to admissions last year were to make race and demographics visible and implement as much training for the admissions people": [
            "Gives admissions a better handle on who to look at carefully",
          ],
        },
        "Beefing up our presence at conferences for minorities",
        "SCS is reluctant to do “admission on spot",
        "Revisit SCS Master’s admissions (?)",
      ],
      "International student experiences and issues | Lijun": [
        "CMU is a welcoming place for international students, but unsure if the US will be",
        "Students cannot obtain new visas because embassies are closed, Trump will suspend entry of some visa applicants bc of the field they’re studying",
        "Students have worries about re-entering the country to continue their studies",
        "Students feeling lonely",
        "Listed possible measures CMU could take",
        {
          "Have another page that gives info specifically for international students, have to give some thought to that bc don’t want to duplicate OIE": [
            "Can work with students to see what they’d find useful on such a page",
          ],
        },
        {
          "AAU has been working hard to convince the Trump administration to not have drastic immigration measures": [
            "Farnam has met with Mike Pence several times on this topic",
          ],
        },
        "We’ve actually avoided the worst, the worst was major actions on OPT and CPT",
        "There is major activity in this area",
        {
          "Intent is to allow students who are away to continue to study and matriculate, the problem that is the real unknown now is what if the current situation continues and hinders students’ abilities to rejoin in the Spring": [
            "Discussing several possibilities, university discussing this as a whole",
            "Difficult to communicate these things because many things have not been decided yet",
          ],
        },

        "We cannot have official communication saying “here’s what we’re going to do” because of all the unknowns",
        "One idea is to benefit local students in China if they can’t come back to CMU, maybe via alumni",
        {
          "There are small things SCS can do for its students to make quality of life much better, but they don’t really know what and they want to know these people-level things": [
            "Should talk to our colleagues/classmates about what they think",
            "Need to find ways to connect new incoming students with current students proactively, ideally would have each new incoming student in touch with at least one current student",
          ],
        },
        {
          "Haven’t talked about gap years that much, mostly about deferrals, right now have a lot more deferrals than previous years": [
            "Over 3x more deferrals now than we had last year at the beginning of the semester",
          ],
        },
        "As far as we know the threat to OPT is gone, no effect on J1 of students or visiting scholars",
      ],
      "Online accommodations | Neil": [
        "There are ways to set up the video such that you know who’s watched it, looking into things",
        "Looking into moving away from big, live exams to micro assessment throughout the semester, reduces problems of needing continued connectivity and time zones",
        "Students in-person may be at an advantage, need to think more about equality in this",
        {
          "Tuition reduction is not happening at this point, it’s a university decision": [
            "Student POV makes sense, from university POV there is no reduction in cost and sometimes an increase in cost in this scenario",
          ],
        },
        "Looking into how recitations will work, will receive guidance from Eberly Center",
        "People are now mostly concerned about how to fit all the classes physically to maintain social distancing measures, not concerned about online things just yet",
        "Look into setting up a page to communicate this information",
      ],
      "Master’s Advisory Constitution | Kiran": [
        "We have setup a constitution and Lijun has set up a website",
        {
          "Martial/David: Representation from every “type” of master’s program instead of representation from every master’s program": [
            "Nichole: make sure every department is represented.",
            "David: Some departments have more master’s programs, and some have fewer, so having each represented is tricky.",
          ],
        },
        "Mention diversity criteria in the constitution.",
        {
          "What constitutes “types” of programs?": [
            "Major distinction is between research masters and professional masters programs.",
            "Large programs vs small programs.",
            "Representation across the departments.",
            "Demographics diversity.",
            "At least one person from each department",
            "Not all masters programs need to be represented.",
          ],
        },
        "Usually one department has no volunteers, and that specific department has to be contacted.",
        "The Master's Advisory committee comes up with a list of nominations, and the dean’s office then modifies/proposes some suggestions.",
        "Continuity is difficult for the master’s advisory committee - people have not carried over.",
        "Add a questionnaire for people to suggest things on the master’s advisor committee website.",
      ],
      "Mental Health | Romel": [
        "Mental health has declined during Covid shutdown.",
        "This has been reflected on Facebook groups.",
        "Not being able to see classmates due to the fact that the people leave due to online classes, and don’t come back since the school is engaging in a hybrid model.",
        {
          "Coupon system for dealing with mental health.": [
            "Get SCS credit for engaging in mental health activities.",
          ],
        },
        {
          "After Thanksgiving everything is going to be online, which exacerbates seasonal depression.": [
            "Let people know what resources are available, although feedback from students is that services such as CAPS are not proactive in helping students feel better.",
            "Include outside resources.",
            "Have a group of people talk about your issues on a bigger level.",
          ],
        },
        "Have concrete suggestions come from the masters’ committee on things students can do to improve their mental health.",
        "We should try to actively improve students' health.",
      ],
      "TOC | Kiran": [
        "Opportunity list for both internships and full time offers.",
        "Communicate with the corresponding CPDC people.",
      ],
    },
  },
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "20",
      month: "Jun",
      year: "2020",
    },
    minutes: {
      main: [
        "Discussion on the meeting with CMU SPIRIT and Color Stack from Cornell by Daniel and Anant. Here are some topics discussed",
        "Change of culture, increase black and Latin students and professors for diversity",
        "Training for TA’s to eliminate racial bias in grading",
        "Create a chapter of Color Stack at CMU, and get funding for travel and operation",
        "Ask dean for the student diversity ratios",
        {
          "Topics assigned to members (For the meeting with Dean)": [
            "Black lives matter: Daniel",
            "International students: Lijun",
            "Online accommodation: Neil",
            "Constitution: Kiran",
            "Mental health: Romel",
            "TOC (tentative): Kiran",
          ],
        },
      ],
      "Tasks for next meeting": [
        "Website To add Text for organization overview",
        "Organize past meeting minutes with dean to publish",
        "Meeting: resolve Zoom recording issue",
      ],
    },
  },
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "13",
      month: "Jun",
      year: "2020",
    },
    minutes: {
      main: [
        "Updates on topics to talk to dean",
        "Build a public profile (will discuss later)",
        "Black Lives Matter initiative: Connect with CMU SPIRIT.",
        "Update current position holder names from constitution to website.",
      ],
      "Tasks for next meeting": [
        "Discuss the findings of Black Lives Matter initiative",
      ],
    },
  },
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "6",
      month: "Jun",
      year: "2020",
    },
    minutes: {
      main: [
        "Discussed what to talk to the dean about",
        "Members appointed to the organizational roles",
        "Discussed diversity and inclusiveness of the scs students we gather data from and national issues affecting them ",
        "Updated members list",
      ],
      "Tasks for next meeting": ["Think about the two fronts of diversity"],
    },
  },
  {
    "meeting-date": {
      date: "4",
      month: "May",
      year: "2020",
    },
    type: "dean",
    minutes: {
      Opportunities: [
        {
          "LTI (Alexandra Balobeshinka helming) has created a spreadsheet for internship opportunities in light of the Covid-19 situation. We think that this would be a fantastic resource for students (especially master's) even in normal times for both internships and full time. We think that there may be value in having this as a SCS wide initiative since there are many cross-disciplinary opportunities. Additionally, having the SCS resume book during normal times would be quite helpful in our opinion.": [
            "They’ll look into this further, generally from Alumni",
          ],
        },
      ],
      Registration: [
        {
          "Registration is a crucial process for every student, but especially so for master's students who have a compressed time at CMU. Master's students are also in the unique position of taking classes that often have either advanced seniors or PhDs in them. Since the registration day for master's students is one day later than for senior undergraduates and PhDs, for many classes, they get cut out. We believe that this is unfair and that all students who are in their last semester (or year) should register at the same time. I believe this issue has plagued nearly every master's student who has attended CMU and likely is one of the single biggest changes CMU can make to improve the educational experience of master's students.": [
            "They’ll look into this both via new sections and by prioritizing via time to graduation",
          ],
        },
      ],
      Space: [
        {
          "Space affects everyone in SCS. Today, RI students received an email indicating that a highly utilized lounge on the 4th floor of NSH is being converted into lab space for incoming faculty. No one has any problems with making space for new faculty, but there is no concrete guarantee or plan to get that space back. In particular this negatively impacts coursework masters students (MRSD, MSCV) who do not have the luxury of having a desk at the lab. What plans does SCS have to get departments more space? (We have heard rumors of a new building for RI - what stops the execution of obtaining a new building?)": [
            "New building doesn’t seem to be anytime soon. Will try to consolidate space and acquire new space near campus",
          ],
        },
      ],
      Resources: [
        {
          "We think that SCS master's students would greatly appreciate access to computing resources (such as AWS credits). Much of the work that students need to do requires computational resources far beyond what most have access to normally. Additionally, a budget like this would allow students to work on personal projects which only enhance student capability and lead to new innovations, thereby increasing the already impressive clout of CMU CS. These resources would be even more helpful given the reduced capacity of CMU's on-campus resources at the moment.": [
            "They will Look into aws credits for student projects as an educational experience",
          ],
        },
      ],
      Housing: [
        {
          "Many students are facing uncertainty when it comes to housing for the Fall semester as they are unable to see housing before signing leases for the fall. If there are any resources or help you could provide to these students, it would be greatly appreciated. ": [
            "Inventory resources currently available",
            "They will look into negotiations with certain players",
          ],
        },
      ],
    },
  },
];
